Update intro/about (#1)
OI-wiki/i18n: docs/intro/about.md

# About this project

**Q**: Why do you want to make this Wiki?

> **A**: Ever felt confused and helpless when you are learning **OI**, facing the massive knowledge system? What **OI Wiki** wants to do might be similar to "let more students with insufficient competition resources have easy access to training resources". Of course, this statement may not be entirely true, and the motivation for this Wiki may be very pure. We just simply want to make a small contribution to the development of **OI**. XD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A**: Ever felt confused and helpless when you are learning **OI**, facing the massive knowledge system? What **OI Wiki** wants to do might be similar to "let more students with insufficient competition resources have easy access to training resources". Of course, this statement may not be entirely true, and the motivation for this Wiki may be very pure. We just simply want to make some minor contribution to the development of **OI**. XD
```

**Q**: I am very interested, how do I contribute?

**A**: **OI Wiki** is now hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki),  you can directly access this [repo](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki) to chcek the latest update. Ways to contribute include opening issues, pull requests on [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki), share your ideas in the discussion group, or submit directly to the administrator. Currently, the framework we use is developed in Python [mkdocs](https://mkdocs.readthedocs.io), which supports the Markdown format (also supports the insertion of mathematical formulas).

**Q**: But I am really new to this... I don’t know what I could do?

> **A**: Everything comes from passion. You can help others review and modify the scripts, help us promote **OI Wiki**, and create a good learning and communication atmosphere for the community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A**: Everything comes from passion. You can help others by reviewing and modifying the scripts, help us by promoting **OI Wiki**, and help the community by creating a good learning and communication atmosphere!
```

**Q**: Who is maintaining this now? I feel this is a huge project, can it really be done?？

**A**: Some retired OIer started doing this. Then, they met many like-minded friends: active OIers, retired players, and friends who have never participated in **OI**. Currently, this project is mainly maintained by **OI Wiki** Team. (Here is a group photo)

<a href="https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://opencollective.com/oi-wiki/contributors.svg?width=890&button=false" /></a>

Of course, it is very difficult to complete this project with our own strength. We sincerely invite you to help us improve **OI Wiki**.

**Q**: I heard about nocow, How can **OI Wiki**  ensure that the content we contribute will not disappear suddenly like it?

> **A**: We host the content on [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki). Even if our server crashes, the content will not be lost. In addition, we will regularly back up everyone’s efforts, even if [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki) goes bankrupt (?), our content will not be lost.

Author: 要不 Even if Github stops service (as in, Microsoft goes bankrupt and the world stops moving）
一个乱说.jpg

> **A**: We host the content on [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki). Even if our server crashes, the content will not be lost. In addition, we will regularly back up everyone’s efforts, even if [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki) goes bankrupt (?), our content will not be lost.

Reviewer: 感觉可以描述成 in the worst case 啥啥啥的

> **A**: We host the content on [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki). Even if our server crashes, the content will not be lost. In addition, we will regularly back up everyone’s efforts, even if [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki) goes bankrupt (?), our content will not be lost.

Author: 那要不 Even in the worst-case scenario where GitHub is out of service, our content will not be lost.

> **A**: We host the content on [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki). Even if our server crashes, the content will not be lost. In addition, we will regularly back up everyone’s efforts, even if [GitHub](https://github.com/24OI/OI-wiki) goes bankrupt (?), our content will not be lost.

Reviewer: > 那要不 Even in the worst-case scenario where GitHub is out of service, our content will not be lost.

sry 邮件太多忘了看了，感觉不错 :+1:
